289 milestone branch for 220 (#4107)
timescale/docs: _troubleshooting/chunk-temp-file-limit.md

* Copy this comment at the top of every troubleshooting page
-->

> When you try to compress a chunk into the columnstore, especially if the chunk is very large, you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you try to convert a chunk to the columnstore, especially if the chunk is very large, you
```
